README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/84624853?v=4">
    <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/84624853?v=4" width="100" height="100">
  </a>

  <h2 align="center">Stock App React</h2>

  <p align="center">
    This application represents a comprehensive stock management solution, meticulously crafted using a robust technology stack that includes React, React Router, Redux for state management, MUI for UI components, as well as Axios for data exchange, Formik and Yup for form management and validation,  Redux Persist for persistent state storage and Tremor Charts for data visualization. It adheres to best practices such as functional components, custom hooks to encapsulate logic, and Redux for effectively managing the application state. The app seamlessly integrates React Router for smooth navigation and employs MUI Based Components to provide a modern, user-friendly interface. 
    <br/>
    <br/>
    The integration of Tremor, Axios, Formik, Yup, and Redux & Redux Persist enhances the application's capabilities, offering a robust and feature-rich stock management experience.
  </p>

  <p>
    <a href="https://github.com/yamisagi/yamisagi"><strong>About Me 💙»</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
     <strong>📫 How to reach me</strong> <a href="https://twitter.com/_yamisagi" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/twitter.svg" alt="_yamisagi" height="30" width="40" /></a>
    <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/yamisagi" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="yamisagi" height="30" width="40" /></a>
  </p>
</div>

<br/>

## How To Run This Project 🚀

<br/>

- <strong>Clone the repo</strong>

  ```sh
  git clone
  ```

- <strong>Install NPM packages</strong>

  ```sh
  npm install
  ```

- <strong>Run the project</strong>

  ```sh
  npm start
  ```

- <strong>Open the project on your browser</strong>

  ```sh
  http://localhost:3000/
  ```

- ### <strong>Enjoy! 🎉</strong>

<br/>

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project

<!-- add asset here later -->
<!--<img src="https://github.com/yamisagi/us/blob/main/assets/product.gif" width="350" height="550"> -->

This project aims to create a comprehensive stock management application using powerful technologies such as React, React Router, React Custom Hooks, MUI Based Components, as well as tools like Axios, Formik, Yup, and Redux Persist. Here are the key features of the project:

- **React and React Router**: Utilized [React Router](https://reactrouter.com/) for seamless navigation between pages.
  
- **React Custom Hooks**: Used [React Custom Hooks](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-custom.html) to organize logical processes within the application and enhance code modularity.

- **Material UI**: Employed [Material UI](https://material-ui.com/) to design a stylish and user-friendly interface.

- **Axios**: Integrated [Axios](https://axios-http.com/) for data exchange.

- **Formik and Yup**: Incorporated [Formik](https://formik.org/) and [Yup](https://github.com/jquense/yup) for form management and validation.

- **Redux Persist**: Utilized [Redux Persist](https://github.com/rt2zz/redux-persist) for application state management.

- **Tremor Charts**: Implemented [Tremor Charts](https://www.tremor.so) to enhance data visualization capabilities within the application. Tremor Charts provides a powerful and flexible solution for creating interactive and dynamic charts, allowing users to analyze stock trends, monitor fluctuations, and make informed decisions.

The integration of this extensive toolset results in a robust technical foundation and an impressive user experience.

<!-- ROADMAP -->

## Roadmap

- [x] Project Setup
- [x] React Router
- [x] React Custom Hooks
- [x] MUI Based Components
- [x] Implement Login, Register and Logout Functionality
- [x] Implement Responsive Drawer
- [x] Change Style of the Drawer
- [x] Improve Routing and Navigation
- [x] Create Custom Hook for Stock Data
- [x] Create Stock Slice and Reducers
- [x] Create Stock Actions
- [x] Get & Delete Stock Data
- [x] Add Firm Data to the Backend
- [x] Delete Firm Data from the Backend
- [x] Update Firm Data in the Backend
- [x] Optimize Modal Component for Reusability
- [x] Add & Update & Delete Brand Data to/from the Backend
- [x] Optimize Brand Component for Reusability
- [x] Implement Persist Store
- [x] Implement Product Page & DataGrid Component
- [x] Implement Sales, Purchase, and Stock Pages & DataGrid Components
- [x] Create KPI Component for Dashboard Page
- [x] Implement Dashboard Page


<p align="center">(Still working on it...)</p>

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
## Acknowledgments
* [Choose an Open Source License](https://choosealicense.com)
* [GitHub Emoji Cheat Sheet](https://www.webpagefx.com/tools/emoji-cheat-sheet)
* [Malven's Flexbox Cheatsheet](https://flexbox.malven.co/)
* [Malven's Grid Cheatsheet](https://grid.malven.co/)
* [Img Shields](https://shields.io)
* [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com)
* [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com)
* [React Icons](https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/search)
<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>
 -->

<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->

[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/othneildrew/Best-README-Template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/othneildrew/Best-README-Template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/othneildrew/Best-README-Template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/othneildrew/Best-README-Template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/othneildrew/Best-README-Template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/othneildrew
[product-screenshot]: assets/product.gif

Commit message:

style: Improve Charts and KPICards components UI

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/84624853?v=4">
    <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/84624853?v=4" width="100" height="100">
  </a>

  <h2 align="center">Stock App React</h2>

  <p align="center">
    This application represents a comprehensive stock management solution, meticulously crafted using a robust technology stack that includes React, React Router, Redux for state management, MUI for UI components, as well as Axios for data exchange, Formik and Yup for form management and validation,  Redux Persist for persistent state storage and Tremor Charts for data visualization. It adheres to best practices such as functional components, custom hooks to encapsulate logic, and Redux for effectively managing the application state. The app seamlessly integrates React Router for smooth navigation and employs MUI Based Components to provide a modern, user-friendly interface. 
    <br/>
    <br/>
    The integration of Tremor, Axios, Formik, Yup, and Redux & Redux Persist enhances the application's capabilities, offering a robust and feature-rich stock management experience.
  </p>

  <p>
    <a href="https://github.com/yamisagi/yamisagi"><strong>About Me 💙»</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
     <strong>📫 How to reach me</strong> <a href="https://twitter.com/_yamisagi" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/twitter.svg" alt="_yamisagi" height="30" width="40" /></a>
    <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/yamisagi" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="yamisagi" height="30" width="40" /></a>
  </p>
</div>

<br/>

## How To Run This Project 🚀

<br/>

- <strong>Clone the repo</strong>

  ```sh
  git clone
  ```

- <strong>Install NPM packages</strong>

  ```sh
  npm install
  ```

- <strong>Run the project</strong>

  ```sh
  npm start
  ```

- <strong>Open the project on your browser</strong>

  ```sh
  http://localhost:3000/
  ```

- ### <strong>Enjoy! 🎉</strong>

<br/>

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project

<!-- add asset here later -->
<!--<img src="https://github.com/yamisagi/us/blob/main/assets/product.gif" width="350" height="550"> -->

This project aims to create a comprehensive stock management application using powerful technologies such as React, React Router, React Custom Hooks, MUI Based Components, as well as tools like Axios, Formik, Yup, and Redux Persist. Here are the key features of the project:

- **React and React Router**: Utilized [React Router](https://reactrouter.com/) for seamless navigation between pages.
  
- **React Custom Hooks**: Used [React Custom Hooks](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-custom.html) to organize logical processes within the application and enhance code modularity.

- **Material UI**: Employed [Material UI](https://material-ui.com/) to design a stylish and user-friendly interface.

- **Axios**: Integrated [Axios](https://axios-http.com/) for data exchange.

- **Formik and Yup**: Incorporated [Formik](https://formik.org/) and [Yup](https://github.com/jquense/yup) for form management and validation.

- **Redux Persist**: Utilized [Redux Persist](https://github.com/rt2zz/redux-persist) for application state management.

- **Tremor Charts**: Implemented [Tremor Charts](https://www.tremor.so) to enhance data visualization capabilities within the application. Tremor Charts provides a powerful and flexible solution for creating interactive and dynamic charts, allowing users to analyze stock trends, monitor fluctuations, and make informed decisions.

The integration of this extensive toolset results in a robust technical foundation and an impressive user experience.

<!-- ROADMAP -->

## Roadmap

- [x] Project Setup
- [x] React Router
- [x] React Custom Hooks
- [x] MUI Based Components
- [x] Implement Login, Register and Logout Functionality
- [x] Implement Responsive Drawer
- [x] Change Style of the Drawer
- [x] Improve Routing and Navigation
- [x] Create Custom Hook for Stock Data
- [x] Create Stock Slice and Reducers
- [x] Create Stock Actions
- [x] Get & Delete Stock Data
- [x] Add Firm Data to the Backend
- [x] Delete Firm Data from the Backend
- [x] Update Firm Data in the Backend
- [x] Optimize Modal Component for Reusability
- [x] Add & Update & Delete Brand Data to/from the Backend
- [x] Optimize Brand Component for Reusability
- [x] Implement Persist Store
- [x] Implement Product Page & DataGrid Component
- [x] Implement Sales, Purchase, and Stock Pages & DataGrid Components
- [x] Create KPI Component for Dashboard Page
- [x] Implement Dashboard Page
- [x] Implement Charts
- [x] Improve UI of the Dashboard Page
- [x] Fix Bugs and Improve Code Quality
- [x] Finish the Project 🎉
- [x] Deploy the Project to Vercel 🚀


<p align="center">(Still working on it...)</p>

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
## Acknowledgments
* [Choose an Open Source License](https://choosealicense.com)
* [GitHub Emoji Cheat Sheet](https://www.webpagefx.com/tools/emoji-cheat-sheet)
* [Malven's Flexbox Cheatsheet](https://flexbox.malven.co/)
* [Malven's Grid Cheatsheet](https://grid.malven.co/)
* [Img Shields](https://shields.io)
* [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com)
* [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com)
* [React Icons](https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/search)
<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>
 -->

<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->

[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/othneildrew/Best-README-Template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/othneildrew/Best-README-Template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/othneildrew/Best-README-Template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/othneildrew/Best-README-Template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/othneildrew/Best-README-Template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/othneildrew
[product-screenshot]: assets/product.gif
